Update multi-factor-authentication.md (#3961)
MicrosoftDocs/memdocs: memdocs/intune/enrollment/multi-factor-authentication.md

> - iOS/iPadOS devices enrolled via Apple automated device enrollment  
> - macOS devices enrolled via Apple automated device enrollment  
>
> The second device is required because the primary device can't receive calls or text messages during the provisioning process.
>

> > Or you can configure [Temporary Access Pass](/azure/active-directory/authentication/howto-authentication-temporary-access-pass)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Alternatively, you can configure a [Temporary Access Pass](/azure/active-directory/authentication/howto-authentication-temporary-access-pass).
```
